bsdlib: version 0.7.9 (#250)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: bsdlib/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.7.9
************

> * Fixing issue with that was introduced with the TLS server support that made connect hang forever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue introduced with the TLS server support that made :cpp:func:`nrf_connect` hang forever.
```
